Check, check, one, two, hello, gang, how you doing?
Oh, sexy late arrivals.
Welcome to Harmontown.
Harmontown is now in session, ladies and gentlemen.
Some ladies and gentlemen and everybody there in between.
I'm Jeff Davis, here comes total. Let's bring out your Game Master, Jordan Arah.
Spencer Crittenden.
We are the dreamers of dreams. Let's bring out the dreamer of my dreams.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Oh, yeah, talking about, talking about the summer and the seasons.
Damn, I remember a girl when you used to be around the way, used to be downtown,
used to back in the day, used to seems like it used to be back in the day.
Damn, used to be back in the day.
Seems like long ago used to be from around the way back in the D to the A to the Y, back in the day.
Okay, all right, that's it.
That was like a, that was like a summer hit.
Yeah, I accidentally wrote the most touching, you know, if you follow me on Instagram,
which you have no choice, I mean, that's like, that's my big platform now.
Instagrammer, and I was driven from Twitter with pitchforks and torches, you know,
or you could look at the variety of otherwise.
I was driven from it by decent-minded taxpayers who just don't want a monster on their phone.
You know, look, semantics, but you say monster, I say monstale.
I'm so squirrely tonight.
Steve Levy with Ice Bucket, everybody. Steve Levy on the ice solo.
But I, yeah, I don't know, I've been improvising these songs in my car and then I bring them home.
How do you do it? Is your phone mounted on a thing?
I just got a, I'm like, I'm a moving target here.
I don't have a, you know, I keep changing my process, but I'm like...
Are you driving or are you letting Tesla do the heavy lifting?
I'm mostly driving. I mean, I did some singing today, hands-free, but, you know, it doesn't, the difference...
Do you do the hands-free Tesla stuff? Like, do you actually let the car drive?
I'm a freeway, yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
100%, it's a way better driver than me, for sure.
I mean, I'm not kidding. It has a million sensors.
I've always been, I just, I get such a panic about lane changes.
Like, I'm just so bad at blind spot stuff. I just, it makes it all the worse that I'm so phobic about cutting someone off.
Okay, so you're on the five freeway. You're going toward the interchange where you could go to Glendale or you could stay on the five.
And the car knows that you're going to go to Starburns. It changes lanes for you?
Yeah, all of the freeway stuff. As soon as you're, once you're on the freeway, now it'll, yeah, it'll change lanes for you.
They're upgrading as it goes. It's kind of fun. It feels like you're like a beta tester. It's like they...
You are.
They issue these upgrades, you know?
Again, terrifying.
Well, it doesn't let you, there's nothing to be, it's not going to let you...
But it knows the guy behind you isn't a fucking lunatic and it's not going to run you down?
It knows that, yes.
It doesn't...
Thank you, Spencer.
They just added that.
Did you hear, there's this guy who, like, he died. Supposedly the autopilot just knocked him into the highway defyter or something and just smashed his car all up to death.
It's, yeah, I'm not going to trust the thing for decades.
I mean, but what it is, is it's like the best cruise control ever.
It just takes care, it takes like a fucking grunt work and frustration out of, like, driving...
Are your hands, like, on the wheel and your feet on the pedals?
Yeah, that's the legal standard. You got to do that, so that's what he does.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not going to go to sleep. I don't trust the fucking thing, but I will take advantage of it wanting to do the work for me.
It has sensors all over it that are better at telling me if there's anyone in my blind spot.
Like, I'm still going to look, you know?
I'm just doing, I'm just more relaxed now.
It's not like I'm, like, sleeping, it won't let you.
But what's interesting is how they're, like, rolling out these upgrades.
I didn't want to talk about this. This is a douche talk.
But it is, it is fun to, like, you're getting these upgrades and, like, it was for a while.
You get on the freeway and then it would, like, it was, it was, like,
I'm going to change lanes, but you have to confirm that I can change lanes.
How? By using the signal.
It's just, like, it was just, like, such a, it was, like, what are we doing here?
You know, it's like, like, if I'm signaling, like, just let me turn the goddamn wheel.
But, like, now it's changed.
Now it's, it's, it's like, oh no, it'll signal on its own.
All you have to do is keep your hands on the wheel because before it changes lanes,
it just wants to check in with you and you give a little resistance on the wheel
to prove that you're not asleep in the backseat.
Anyways, I didn't want to talk about that.
I love my fucking car. I think it's so cool.
I love the people that try to, like, make me not love it.
When I see you, when I look at your awesome Instagram songs,
my question is, are, like, how much are you driving or not driving while you're doing that?
I'm probably 95% of the time I'm driving.
Okay.
Because I'm probably not on the freeway, or if I am, I'm like, yeah,
the auto driving thing is not, like, it's not Minority Report.
It's not, it's not like, I did today because I was going all the way to Encino,
where I was for a while, I was just chilling hands-free while I was making up a song.
And maybe that's why I came up with this, I'm not going to play it,
but I just, like, it was, like, this really touching song.
It was, like, I just started singing, like, what, it was, like, where are my homies?
Where are my friends?
Who wrote this movie? How does it end?
Or, or, or, it turned out to be about gay gangbangers from, it was, like,
just the way the rhymes worked, it was, like, I got to the end of it and I was, like,
oh my God, that's so touching. Like, it's not even funny at all.
In fact, if you perceived it as a joke, then it would be a homophobic joke.
So I better be serious about this beautiful love story between two fucking gay dudes from East LA
that just want to run away together because a way rhymes with gay,
but also because it's a beautiful story, anyways.
I'm assuming we have more people in the audience tonight than usual
because of our handsome friends that are here.
Is that true? How many, how many people are here for our guests?
Okay, thank you.
Great.
I think that was 11.
Oh wait, are you here, did I, did I say something that ended up on TMZ?
Is that why you're here?
I don't, okay.
Am I racist again?
Um, you know what, I'll field that. I am.
You were off it for a while, but you're back, baby.
I tried to quit.
You got to accept the thoughts already. Give me that or you take a contrary action.
Okay, I don't want to cheat our guests of time, but I just wanted to, like,
okay, so I still maintain you are overreacting to the lime scooter thing.
I think that, you know, there's this new thing that you guys are doing.
At first you were like, I don't like these scooters because they're new.
And they're everywhere.
You don't like new things that are everywhere.
We were just talking about this backstage.
That's why you don't support the transgender community or anything like that.
You hate different things that are sweeping and changing the way people,
and challenging people, right?
No, you're hypocrites.
Like, maybe your sidewalk is identifying as like, orwellian.
Like, it's a fucking scooter. I think it's a great idea.
Or maybe it's not. Let's find out.
Don't police it.
That being said, I'm 46.
I'm not going to use one of these things for a while.
I'd see them like, one of these days, I'm going to use one of these.
They're fun. They're so fun.
So the day finally came.
I drive home from work and there's one right in front of my house.
Okay.
It's parked there.
I'm like, this is probably it because I'm going to be late to Little Dom's,
which is like probably a seven and a half minute walk.
It's impossible to drive there in park, et cetera.
This is scooter time.
It's four blocks from your place.
Yeah. It was just right enough that I'm like,
okay, how long is the process going to be of like the first time you do?
I'm assuming there's a QR code on.
I'm like, if this is as easy as one of those vending machines with the QR code app,
I'm like, man, am I glad I embraced that technology?
Like I became Lord of the Fritos and like only in that one city,
but like maybe I'm going to become scooter guy now.
This is it. I walked down there and I'm like, I scanned the QR code.
We're off to the races.
This is like the map loading.
Okay.
And this guy my age, he's got a wallet chain.
Oh, good start.
He's, I just don't understand this impulse from people.
Like he sees me.
I guess he's a neighbor.
He felt very comfortable talking to me.
Like I'm like, he sees me from...
He's 100 yards away.
starts walking towards me diagonally across the street
while shouting out in a parent camaraderie,
assumed camaraderie with me because,
but he sees me scanning the scooter.
But he's got filled with so much hatred about the scooters
that he must assume that I'm like reporting the scooter
to the Gen X times or something like, here's another one.
Plus they have too much avocado toast all the time.
Oh, if I'm going to hate millennials,
it's going to be for a really good reason.
But not because of the fucking contributions.
Jesus, because of the other stuff.
Like the dumb name, for instance.
You're trying to get online with the scooter.
So I'm like, yeah, I'm like interacting with it.
And he's just like, how comfortable
could you ever be in the assumption that, oh, he goes,
he goes, you know what I'd like to do with those fucking things?
I'd like to take every single one of those motherfuckers,
put it on my truck, take it to the city dump.
You could do that.
No one's stopping him from doing that.
Also, it's a weird flex, is what the kids would say.
That's a South Park episode, the Halloween episode
where somebody does that and takes all the scooters
and throws them off a cliff.
Oh, shit, man, the Rick and Morty ones not coming out
for three years.
That's why, no, we learned that lesson a long time ago.
Don't, it went fairly, South Park did it to like,
no, South Park's going to do it.
Don't do it.
But anyways, the guy.
So he tries to bond with you about hating these things?
In the time it takes him to finish saying all that,
it's like, back time the edit so that he finishes it
in my face, which is weird.
He starts talking and says, take him out of the city dump.
And now he's here.
And I'm like, hi.
And before I can ask the question, which I'm not going to,
well, here's what I did say, because I'm like, I went,
well, make sure you do that after this thing saves my bacon.
What?
Hell yeah.
And I said, well, I'm late for a meeting,
and I'm kind of mumbling in the stammering,
and I'm not making eye contact.
This guy's clearly like, he's got to be either.
I'm thinking, grip, possibly key.
Well, he had the authority of a key grip.
He might have been best boy.
Oh, boy.
He had an alpha fucking energy, a wallet chain,
like eye contact, like eye fucking looking at shit
that doesn't want to look at him, like eye contact
with everything, especially me.
Who wants to look at me?
Someone look at me.
I got shit to do.
And I mean, the guy that's going to save my life
and steal Cody when the zombies come, you know?
But he crossed the street to engage with you
about this particular thing.
Yeah, I mean, he was kind of like walking in a way
that he was just patrolling the neighborhood
with his little clangy chain, and so then he said,
that's something to talk about, someone to interact with.
He's like, let's be neighbors.
And he starts shouting this thing at me.
So then I go, he doesn't understand because I'm
stammering and mumbling.
I'm like, well, I just, I want to try it out.
But then he doesn't really seem to hear that, which is fine.
I don't fault him that.
I'm not a good communicator.
And then he's like, but the question in my head
was like, what's your proposed beef?
Like, what is it, an eyesore?
You're wearing a wallet chain.
What is the fucking beef is what I want to know?
And I hadn't read any news about it and stuff like that.
But he goes, people are getting on these fucking things drunk
and they're bashing their heads open.
I wanted to say, I didn't say this, but I'm like, oh, oh,
you're a humanitarian.
You love people.
Your beef with the scooters is that you
hope more people that ride scooters,
or you wish that they just had long, happy lives, which
is going to be exemplified by his next statement,
because then he finally takes in that I'm like,
I got my credit card out and I'm trying to do this thing.
And he goes, and I wrote it down.
He literally said, he said, you're not
going to ride that fucking thing, are you?
And I said, yeah, I'm going to try.
And he was like, and he walked away.
And then I never, I got to the point,
I had scanned my driver's license.
I had scanned, you know, it's dark out.
And it took me like eight minutes.
I was like, damn it.
You could have walked there.
I got to that point where I was like,
at this point, you could have walked there.
So now, are you an idiot if you keep going,
or are you an idiot if you stop?
And I just, it asked for a credit card.
And I was like, I'm Audi.
That's what the kids say.
They add a Y to the out.
They don't say that anymore.
Sometimes they say Audi.
Audi 5,000.
That's a reference to the Audi 5,000 automobile.
It's a very modern car.
Another thing they'll say is it's like a G6.
Something will be like a G6.
That means it's like an airplane.
That's Fergie.
You could be Audi 5,000.
You could be like a G6.
Dan, did you ever get on the vehicle?
No, I did not.
I gave up and I walked.
Because it asked for a credit card.
I was like, my driver's license was hard enough.
And that's got a barcode on it that it could scan.
It was dusk.
It was not having a, my phone was not
having a good time scanning stuff.
I quit while I was ahead.
Plus, the thing, and this is the thing that I have.
So if that is your beef, the head injury thing.
So apparently then I go meet my friends at dinner.
And I'm like, oh, there's crazy guy in this beef
that people have with these scooters.
What's the deal?
Turns out all my friends have beef with these scooters.
Like I'm just odd man out.
No one, because they're a hazard.
Like people are, yes, you can go and you can hashtag this.
And you can watch everybody.
I just, the thing set, the reason why I really did give up
is because it told me a thousand times,
you're supposed to be wearing a helmet.
And I was just like, nobody wears a helmet.
Was that a fucking thing?
No one wears a helmet on a bike, but it's also a good idea.
I was kind of, I was worried.
I wasn't really worried about being injured.
I was actually worried.
I was like, between that guy yelling,
this thing harping about helmets, I was like,
it'll be just my luck.
I'll get like pulled over.
Like a community outreach cop program
will be like, you know.
There must have been already DUIs on these e-scooters, right?
Somebody has to 100.
It's the idea is that people are getting drunk
and they're getting on them and they're getting head injuries.
But I'm not one of those people that's like,
ooh, that's the Darwin thing.
But I don't think people should get hurt.
I don't want them to get hurt.
I don't care how bad you are.
I hope Hitler had a good day his last day
before he killed himself.
Like I wish he hadn't killed so many people,
but I also like I don't, I don't, I don't,
I'm not a capital punishment guy.
I don't think they, I don't want people to suffer.
All right, don't take that out of context.
I mean, I hope Hitler had a good day.
Wait, what context should we take that in?
I don't know, actually that could only help
my political numbers right now.
I tell you, I tell you, I should,
I should just get on the bandwagon
that's leaving the station, right?
Do bandwagons leave stations?
All right, come on.
We get it.
We got a big show tonight.
I'm just saying, like, isn't it, it's kind of weird.
It's like, like, like, like, people are,
are you really mad about the people that you,
it's like, pick a lane.
Like, you're grousen about this thing.
Are you, are you really, because you're worried,
it kind of goes back to my, like,
probably the first episode of the show
where I'm like, it's the shoe tying thing.
I'm like, you don't really care if I trip and fall.
You're excited that my shoelaces are untied.
It's like your little, your little corner of the world.
Yeah, you see a shoelace untied.
It's like time for you to be empowered.
I just, I just wish that, that people on the e-scooters
like, do what you want, but obey the regular laws.
Right.
Like, don't be on the fucking sidewalk
and run me down as I walk out.
That was the other thing, yeah.
That's true of bikes, though, too.
Like, there's tons of people who just blow through
intersections on bikes and stuff.
It's like, well, that's kind of dangerous.
I don't like that.
There was one kid, I wanted to murder this fucking kid.
Yeah.
It wasn't the scooter's fault,
but it was just perfect that he was on
one of these fucking things,
and he did have a helmet on, dork.
And, but he was at an intersection
and he's driving in the street
on one of these scooters with a helmet on.
So he's by the book, baby.
I wanted to murder him because he pulled up
to the intersection and he's just,
he's directing traffic at a four-way intersection.
And he keeps like, he's doing that thing
where he's looking at me and like,
because his hand movement isn't making my car move forward,
which would have caused it to collide
with oncoming traffic because it's a fucking intersection.
And he's only focused on the car he wants to move.
Like he's trained for this.
And he's just like getting pissed at me.
And I'm like sealed in my car and I can't go,
you fucking asshole, you're trying to make me die.
This, you know, those people that they start,
they're like, they just have this nervous tick.
They get to a four-way stop and they're like,
they're like, like, all of a sudden they're the boss of you
because like, they're like, oh yeah, you go, you go.
And then you don't, you might have a reason to not go.
Like there's sheep in front of you or something or a bike.
And the person's not, he's only looking at you
and they're like, I said, go.
No, no one can relate to that story.
I can.
You have a bit of intersection, we're sheep crossing
and people are mad.
No, that happens to me all the time.
I think I do that sometimes,
but usually I clock it before like the second wave.
I'm like, oh, there's someone I can't see.
Okay, I'm done.
I'd never take that baton.
I'm not in charge.
It's like, why we go to the fucking driver's ed?
Like what do we, you don't have to worry
about what other people are doing.
What are you doing?
Like waving your hand at me.
I was in Tulsa, Oklahoma last weekend
and it was like Kentucky Derby day.
Are you even listening to me?
Yes.
I'm kidding, I'm just kidding.
I'm expounding upon your thesis here.
There was people that were going to watch the Kentucky Derby
and they were drunk and they were all on e-scooters
around Tulsa, Oklahoma.
And everybody was fucking shit canned.
And it was just a bunch of people
that shouldn't have been driving on an e-scooter drunk.
And I was like, I'm going to watch somebody get murdered
by a moving like SUV.
That could be fun though.
The only argument I understand is like what people say
about like motorcycles or like driving without insurance.
Like it's like you, it's the,
even if it's just you getting injured,
like you can fuck up the lives of people around you
by getting injured.
I mean, it's like, but that's kind of like,
like really that's your reasoning.
Like, you know, like about like why things need to be,
like why you're really concerned about this prayer.
Oh, they're not wearing a helmet.
So if I hit them, I'll be guilty of murder
instead of injuring them.
What are the rules?
Like if you go and you see like a bird or a lime
or whatever the fuck the scooters are and you go see one,
let's say you're 14 years old
and you have your mother's credit card, you can write it.
I think you gotta be 18, but I'm not sure.
I mean, I'm sure you gotta have a credit card
and I'm sure I probably,
they would be smart to say you gotta be 18.
I mean, you know, the kids, they got these things,
they're called skateboards.
I mean, if you're really,
that's the thing that's bumming you out
is like the potential for injury.
You know, these kids are a really,
they're up to no good.
Like they've got all kinds of shit with wheels on it.
Yeah, I saw a little girl the other day,
she had two tiny skateboards on her feet.
She's just licking a lollipop,
whoa, whoa, whoa, like rolling around.
I'm like, I pulled over, I'm like,
you piece of fucking shit.
I'd like to cut your fucking feet off
and take them to the city dump.
Our next guest.
These guys, I just laid eyes on them
for the first time backstage.
They're so handsome for podcasters.
They're really intimidating, like,
intimidatingly good-looking.
Well, let's bring them out.
Okay.
Please welcome Sean and Hayes from the Hollywood Handbook.
There's Sean, there's Hayes.
You guys agree that your hands are wherever.
That's very kind.
That is so nice. Thank you, Dan.
Four podcasters is a good qualification to put on, you know?
You know, I mean.
But otherwise, I'd agree.
All right, or anything.
You guys are cute as buttons.
Actors are podcasting now, though, Dan.
I know.
Anna Farris has a podcast.
We got to get away from this idea
that it's just for the misfits anymore.
These guys are moving in.
I got to stop, right?
It is turned into just mainstream.
I'm not welcome here.
Dan, if I may, actually,
I could kind of tie two things together here
because you were talking about Hayes being handsome
and you were talking about scooters a lot,
and he actually has been known around town lately
as the Scooty Cutie, and he does wear a helmet.
I do wear a helmet.
I scoot all over the place.
I scooted here.
We were talking about it backstage,
and I am sort of becoming known as the Scooty Cutie.
Who has called you the Scooty Cutie?
People yelling from their cars.
I make sense to you.
You'll be scooting down the road,
and someone will go like, hey, Scooty Cutie.
There goes a Scooty Cutie.
You look like kind of a doppler.
Honey, that's the Scooty Cutie.
Are you making that up, or is it an actual thing?
I think it's a Scooty Cutie.
It's hard to hear exactly what they're saying,
but you've chosen to hear a Scooty Cutie.
That has been one interpretation of it, yeah.
Sean also has started scooting a little bit,
and he also has a name, which is the Lime Arita.
Yeah, I only use the Lime Scooters,
and if I'm guilty of anything, it's being a little too sweet.
That's your Scooting style?
It's a little too...
It's a touch sweet.
A little more triple sec than was necessary.
That's right.
Do you want to hear a horrible thing,
a Scooter story that happened on the way here?
Yes, we fucking do.
I was riding on the sidewalk, which you have to do in a lot of parts of the city.
This is just way too dangerous to be in the street.
And I was coming up on...
Citizen's arrest.
Approaching me were an older couple pushing a shopping cart full of cans,
and I start to move into the street, but it is way too late.
They are fully taking their shopping cart and moving it out of the way
so that I can pass on my Scooter.
And I thought, I'm never taking this again.
This is not fair.
I'm taking up too much sidewalk space.
But then I had an epiphany,
which is that me and these guys should team up against the cars.
And we should take over the street.
Those are the real enemies, are the cars.
You're supposed to be on the street.
You're not supposed to use those on the side.
Which is why Citizen's Arrest.
You broke the law, you confessed, it's recorded.
They're also not supposed to have a shopping cart.
Exactly.
So we ended up arresting each other?
Yes, we're finally punching up.
Let's get the guys with the shopping carts.
Finally punching up.
It is so hard for me to punch up these days.
I found out a way to punch down without getting called out for it though
because I was telling you guys backstage,
I feel like the next door app.
I was looking through my next door app thing
and I was like, I think you can humiliate these people
without punching down because they are loud and proud about it.
They want people to know.
If they could, they would make the world know
that someone pooped without cleaning it up
outside their apartment or whatever.
I don't think people would be like, oh, you're punching down
by reading their posts out loud.
Yeah, they're property owners.
It's open season on the next door people.
Let's see, how does your phone work?
Who I see sometimes on the next door in my neighborhood is a sclar.
Okay.
I won't say which one.
Here's one that's adorable.
I've known them forever.
I can only remember one of their names at one time.
Which one is it right now?
Randy.
Yeah, Randy.
Yeah, that's mine too.
Yeah, but then the next time it's the other guy.
Yeah.
I mean, what's the reward for learning both sclar names?
You can't tell them apart.
One of them is Eugene.
That gets you nowhere.
You would never approach them and be like Randy, Jason.
You just say like, hey guys.
I mean, this one,
my 19-year-old son needs a summer job.
I just thought that was kind of cute.
As a true crime listener, I just felt like,
And they're out early on it as well.
They're getting a jump start.
Yeah, it's May.
I know, it's like does that son want that?
This is sort of like a pull.
I read this one, this person.
So this person has this security camera footage
that they've posted here in Nextdoor.
And it says,
neighbor leaving dog poop behind,
followed by a hair flip.
Hello, neighbors.
Had to post this video of someone in the neighborhood
who watches her pit bull take a massive poop,
then doesn't even attempt to pick it up,
does a hair flip,
and then appears to reward her dog.
It's true.
Only to leave me to clean up her dog's mess.
If anyone knows this,
here's the thing about it.
You're posting surveillance footage
from a public sidewalk,
and I'm not saying that that should be illegal.
But on the hierarchy of shame,
if I was doing this,
maybe it's a generational thing,
but I would be like,
by the way, I have a fucking camera on the sidewalk,
because someone punched me once.
I would try to,
because I feel like surveilling people
is next door.
You don't have to explain.
I know.
The person is like,
thank God I'm surveilling,
because now I can put this person on.
The next logical step would be that someone would be like,
hey, I put a camera in my bathroom
during a party I was throwing.
Check out this guy didn't wash his hands.
You'd be like, but you shouldn't have...
Why was there a camera in the bathroom?
Because in this neighborhood,
I'm like the Vlad the Impaler.
I live in this big house overlooking all these numbskulls.
I just feel like,
now that I'm seeing this app,
when I leave my house,
I'm like, just don't unleash your dog.
I don't even have a dog with me.
I'm just terrified of unleashing or pooping,
because people will be like,
you know who's at it again.
I'm already a pinata,
but this is a thunderdome, this fucking app.
Okay, here's a weird one.
Dog Bark Collar is the headline.
Dog Bark Collar.
Would any of you lovely Las Felas neighbors
happen to have a very small Bark Collar
I could borrow for my eight pound Javanese puppy?
I'm not entirely sure it will work,
as I've heard some dogs don't care
and just keep barking,
so I would like to borrow one first
to see how he reacts to it.
I'd really love to not have my apartment neighbors
kill me due to his barking.
How is this all happening to you?
This person doesn't have a dog.
They are not using the collar for that.
Too specific on the breed of dogs.
Just too many details.
This person is only not a serial killer
because no one's gotten between them
and breakfast.
They're a sociopath.
They're just showing the early side.
They're 19 and they haven't hurt anyone yet.
This is all one poster?
I couldn't even fathom that.
What's crazy is the fucking respondents.
The collar and the hair flip and the...
No, no, no.
Dan, what platform?
How did this cross your doorstep?
This is an app called Next Door.
Your neighbors are posting things
so you can see what's going on in the hood.
This comes across.
At first it's...
I end up liking this person a lot more
than the people that are responding,
which is crazy because I don't like this person.
I'm like...
Your dog...
It's that very small in caps.
Don't give me the wrong size collar
for my dog.
I need to stop barking so that my neighbors
don't hate me.
My neighbors, who are you?
I've got a lot of stuff happening to me
and I would appreciate it
if it cost as little as possible.
Well, then when a neighbor knocks on the door
to be like, hey, your dog won't stop barking,
it's like, well, I put it on Next Door.
So at that point it was your court.
But it's like the crazy thing is the...
Wait, where are there...
If you had done what I asked...
So who are you mad at?
Me or you?
Okay, there it is.
So then this guy, the first respondent.
So get ready for...
You're like, okay, that's Godzilla.
Well, here comes Mothra.
These responses are going to be people
that live in the neighborhood
that are on your team.
So Robert responds to...
These are first names only.
He's the first responder.
Robert is the first responder
and says,
your dog's barking is caused by emotional
slash environmental issues.
And cannot be silenced
with collars that shock.
Oh!
Fucking Robert.
Robert don't play.
I did forget to read, as did Robert,
that there's a little P.S.
on Jenna's original post which says,
please note, no, I am not going to shock my dog.
I am interested only in the beeping
or vibration mode.
She probably added that after this dick.
But she responds, Robert,
did you read my post in its entirety?
Because I specifically noted
that I am not going to use a shock collar.
And then he responds,
your little pooch needs to be
socialized with other dogs and people.
Look for a doggy and me class
someplace like the Petco in Glendale.
Oh, shit.
And Jenna says,
he has been and continues to be
socialized with both people and dogs
quite frequently actually.
I'm not sure what that has to do
with him barking when he is home alone
as they don't correlate, but thank you
for sharing your opinion and suggestion.
And I'm like, okay, now team Jenna?
Please tell me that these two
end up fucking.
At least they ended up killing each other.
It's kind of a Sam and Diane
kind of cheers situation going on.
Then Marie
interjects and goes, try some calming pills.
You can
Oh, Robert is not going to like this.
You can go online.
Petco has them.
Wait, is she talking about the dog or her?
Like
she's saying take a chill pill bill
before you end up in the hospital.
When I am going to bout,
I give them one a half hour
before leaving. I also have pet zoom.
It's so wick, pet trainer,
hope this helps out.
This is the relationship with pills as fast
as it works.
And then Angie responds
to that going, I don't have a collar,
but if open to it, you can try small doses
of a natural anti-anxiety for pets.
It's called rescue remedy and it works wonders
for stressed out dogs. We use it on the 4th of July
every year. Note, I'm not a vet.
Please check with your vet first.
And then Jenna.
I'm on team Angie right now.
Team Angie sounds like the most level headed.
I don't know how comfortable these people are
with dog pharmaceuticals.
Jenna is like,
yes, totally open to it.
I'm familiar with it, but have not used it.
Thinking about buying it, I used CBD oil
in the beginning.
First option. What the fuck is going on?
Now I'm on Robert's.
If that didn't work.
The CBD dog treats, yeah, that's out there.
Who was the first person that said
just socialize your dog and take him for walks?
That was Robert and he's gone.
He actually suggested a doggy and me class
at the Petco and Glendale.
That was the specific prescription.
And then he moved.
Okay, one more.
Give me a thousand more of these.
This one is really, I don't know.
Why do I have to tee it up?
Need advice.
Hello.
Wait, wait, wait.
Tell me the punctuation marks on this one.
Hello, no punctuation,
carriage return.
And then just a single space paragraph.
Look out.
It's like a submarine commander.
To whom?
Our data shows you're in the Mariana's trench.
Over.
Hello.
I need advice on what to do.
Marrying it down.
I believe that a neighbor
is starving their dog.
I offered to find her a home
because they've told me that they don't want her.
But when I did,
they wanted a $750 re-homing fee
to find her a good and loving home.
What?
When I said no and any would be better,
their response was vulgar.
I can PM a video of the dog.
Well, that's like a ransom, right?
I tried to piece.
I'm so confused by this,
but I think I figured it out.
They're evil.
They probably are starving a dog.
She's a little crazy.
Maybe that's an unfashionable word these days.
She's on next door.
It's crazy meets evil.
She's observing a mistreated dog,
an unhappy dog.
She's going over to the door
and she's like,
hi, your dog seems miserable.
Um, could I, uh,
have it?
And the person's response was like,
uh, yeah, well, you're not wrong.
And it's a two-way street.
I don't even like the fucking thing.
Uh, I'm thinking, uh,
give me a fucking G.
Give me a thousand bucks.
What?
I just want to find your dog a kind and loving home.
Rehoming.
I've never heard of that.
I'm not going to give you $750.
Well, then you could go suck a dick.
Well, I'm going to suck a dick
all the way to my phone.
And, and, and get a ton of advice.
Yes, what?
I didn't, I didn't, I didn't.
So that you could run a protection racket on your, on your dog.
I mean, it's, I, I, I,
like those, I mean, those people,
there's no way that she's the bad guy, right?
Because it's like, she's clearly like who,
who would have that in her app?
I mean, they're, we dealt with this in our neighborhood
on our next door app,
which is there is a dog who is kept
in like a shed
and doesn't appear to have like a light
or water and like
pause at the outside.
I almost feel like there's one in every neighborhood
that just people that don't like their culture
is like junkyard dog.
I think that's right.
They're just like, well, that's a guard dog.
Which means like we don't feed it
because we want to keep it mean basically.
And there's not
a lot to do.
You could certainly post on next door,
but I think
what your friend found is what
it's going to be people saying call animal control,
call animal control is going to say where you
you're basically
they're going to say suck a dick.
Their response is ultimately vulgar
because there's
there's not much that you could do.
So, yeah, yeah, that's okay.
That's my next door app segment.
Thanks for joining me on it.
You must have had to avoid
all the posts of people saying
like a Latino guy looked at my house.
Yeah, casing, casing.
Is there a number that's more urgent
than 911?
I mean,
if the guy with the wallet chain
that yelled at the scooter, if he was brown,
he would have been casing my house
on next door app.
I'm thinking around the neighborhood doing anything
other than hauling in
cartoon groceries with a baguette sticking out the top
for that, you know,
Caucasian supplies
labeled on the bag.
Uh,
here's some here's pink and blue paint
for the nursery and some baguettes.
Um,
I'm the first activist even King novel.
Uh,
everyone else is casing, casing, casing, casing.
There's the top post on mine
today is
shady character.
Yeah.
It's just like there's a shady character.
They should use something more tasteful
like spooky or smoky.
Can we cut my laugh on that?
I got mad at you for a second,
but I'm like, what reward for solidarity?
Go on without me.
Survive, survive my young man.
Most people listening won't know which one
that was.
I think we're okay.
Yeah, so Hollywood.
Oh boy.
You guys have this podcast, the Hollywood Handbook.
I've been listening to a couple episodes.
Your roster of guests is impressive.
It's Ear Wolf, so, you know,
you guys just hoard all of the
guests.
Yeah, I wish there were more stuff
to say about our show.
There isn't a ton.
Thank you for everyone who clapped
who
said that they were here.
We're aware of us.
It's very funny.
Thank you.
Everyone who didn't,
you can't just clap
like,
we can hear you.
We're right back there.
I'm holding that.
What is the format of Hollywood Handbook?
What do you say when people ask you
what's the format of this show?
It's pretty simple.
Dan pours himself a hefty flag in the vodka.
Hayes, I think,
has characterized the show well.
It is mostly funny comments.
But the...
Walk me through it, because I'm new to the game.
You start a show and what...
We...
This will be good for anyone
who wants to try to listen to one.
We can give an example.
Tim Heidecker was on the show recently.
Thank you for listening to two episodes.
He came on and told us that he did not
get through the first ad,
which was seven minutes long.
So there are a couple barriers to entry.
We've been told that the show takes
15 to 20 episodes to get into.
I think I said that.
Someone said it's an acquired taste,
which I was never gonna...
It sounds like I'll get along with them.
That's gotta be what people say
about this podcast.
Is there a game of an episode that we could...
What's a good first...
Orderve to enter into this world?
You said you listened to the Heather Anne Campbell one.
I think that one is pretty good.
Heather's fucking fantastic.
By the way, I acquired that taste instantly,
which means it's not an acquired taste.
You guys are very funny and charming.
Spencer's a big fan and was on there.
Spencer, come on.
I tell people that it's kind of like
people trying to improv.
It's like an improv sketch, but the sketches,
they're just having a conversation.
The worst conversation.
We're in character as two petty idiots.
Which is like one degree off
from our actual personalities.
Have you guys ever listened to
Peter Cook and Dudley Moore
or Clive and Derek?
No, I haven't.
They are saying it's my inspiration.
Yeah, they made these records
where they just had studio time
and they would just improvise
and they made these records where it's just
Dudley Moore and Peter Cook
for me, the funniest improv of all time.
But it's just two assholes
talking as two fake characters
named Derek and Clive.
It's really funny.
Since you brought...
I wasn't sure everyone's got a different philosophy.
I didn't know if I was allowed to say
the characters...
I don't know if you're like...
You don't break that spell.
No, we'd like a line drawn
for the back catalog stuff.
It kind of reminds me of...
It's like a less arch
Jiminy Glick.
Like Martin Short doing Jiminy Glick.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, we're not Martin Short.
But...
You guys are supposedly Hollywood insiders
and you have guests on
and the characters are clearly...
Yeah, they don't know what they're talking about.
So when Heather Anne Campbell,
who's one of my favorite improv heroes,
she came on...
She's playing herself
and so she took
the strong choice to hate us
for the entire episode.
But we were asking her
to do
voiceover for a video game
that we had designed.
And so we're feeding her lines
of what's happening in the game.
It was a video game adaptation
of the Ryan Reynolds Sandra Bullock film,
The Proposal.
But...
I think you guys are really smart
because it occurred to me then
because I was like, why did they...
Did they just have that up their sleeve?
I mean, that's fine.
Have that in your iCloud, as my ex-wife would call it.
I have like five things I'm pulling out that week.
But then I'm like, oh, no,
it's because you asked her about video games.
And she said it was popular. She said Fortnite.
And you guys are like two weeks' notice.
Have you seen The Proposal?
I haven't.
I have not seen it.
I saw it.
I remember the poster at Wilshire and Westwood,
that giant billboard
on the building there.
That's all I know of The Proposal.
I was kind of into it.
I remember hearing it was okay and I knew
the plot synopsis, which was helpful
for the episode we did.
We got guest-based or sometimes just you two?
We do two episodes a week.
One is
an hour-long episode with a guest
and one is a half-hour episode that's just the two of us
exploring some kind of
teaching you how to do something.
And that one, for some reason, costs money.
Yeah.
The one without the guest is the one you have to pay
for the subscription site.
So not everybody, because that's the...
Because if you've ever seen Jiminy Glick, Jeff,
like Martin Shark doing the thing,
because it's like, oh, if Tom Hanks does
Jiminy Glick, is he playing a character?
But it's like the answer is, well, you know,
he's Tom Hanks and he's just reacting.
The only thing he doesn't do is say,
get that prosthetic chin off of your face,
Martin Short. He pretends
there's a real person asking these questions
but then reacts kind of...
What was Martin Short's line to Ben Stiller?
Ben?
Are you difficult?
Are you moody?
Are you moody, Ben Stiller?
That's great.
I think Martin Short...
I think we asked
after the idea of Martin Short being on
here,
I think he passed.
Oh, that's why we're here today.
Are you guys
fans of Martin Short?
Yeah.
I was definitely a fan
of Jiminy Glick. I thought it was so funny.
The two things I think we compared
our show to initially,
when we'd get guests,
was
we did sometimes say
Jiminy Glick and also Colbert Report.
I had seen a video
after we had started doing the show
of Colbert meeting
Obama or someone
and being like, just so you know, here's the thing,
when we get on camera, I'm a total idiot
on the show and I'll be saying stupid shit
and I was like, oh, that's cool.
This is what we have to do to everyone.
Hey, we're going to completely
misunderstand everything you're saying
and not really know your career
and misquote things at you.
But your guests are always people that are hip to that.
Not always.
There was famously one
incident
with Paulie Shore came.
He was in kind of...
Thank you so much.
It was the lowest moment of my life.
He was
in kind of a hurry and as we start to be like,
hey, just so you know, he's like, come on, let's just do it.
Let's just go.
Oh, no.
We described it and he said, well, what if I hate that
and I just walk out? Then what happens?
And we were like, let's just record. Let's just go.
Let's just go. Are you going?
And then he immediately started giving us the wrap it up
hand signal, like five minutes in.
Oh, isn't it a five minute episode?
Paulie is known for having
so much great material.
Yes.
He
is a terrible person.
He called Sean a homo.
He called me a homo on the show.
No, he's not funny.
But he probably broke the syllables up,
so it was funny.
He probably kicked you off.
Yeah, that was actually a point of good judgment.
I kept asking him about
wheezing the jet ooze.
And then I would say it like that
and he'd go, well, no, it's you wheezing the jet.
And I would go, right,
you're wheezing the jet ooze.
And he was like, don't say it like a fucking homo.
And I was like, I'm sorry.
I'm not like
brave enough to be like, hey, we don't say that anymore.
But I'm also
I'm
I'm like sort of doing the character.
You're like, OK, I guess.
Yeah, we bravely took it on in the next episode
when he had not been
at the studio for a week.
Yeah, man, as I've been led to believe
when if you leave the donuts out,
he's going to glaze them.
That's one of his fucking jokes.
He's the worst comic of all time.
Well, that's a job for it.
That's probably one of his jokes from 25 years ago.
All of his jokes.
He's going to come on.
Are donuts also a metaphor for something else?
Yeah, that's kind of his premise.
Oh, like if there's a girl in the room
I'm going to come on it.
Yeah, it doesn't age well, but
If he's alone in the room with a woman.
Did you used to be able to do that?
Yeah, I mean,
there's a movie called Revenge of the Nerds
where the nerds are today's definition
of rapists.
Masked rapists.
Yeah, everything was kind of
inverted back then.
If you
if you
if you if you smoked enough weed
and
danced enough, you could
you could just
dress up as Darth Vader and rape somebody.
Advocate for all manner
of assault as long as it whatever
kept your ski mountain in business.
Huh.
All you had to do is declare yourself a misfit
even though now these days we're like
misfits. You guys
look like the
fucking rally the
Unite the Right rally.
Oh, like I need a little more
diversity in my misfits.
Remember
misfits of science?
No. 1980s
series from the Golden
Age of probably NBC, I'm assuming
and probably six episodes
and out. It was like
this guy
Courtney Cox was in it.
She was like the Carrie
psychic girl
like she had psychic powers and then
there was this I thought of that
when I thought we need diversity with our misfits because
one of their misfits was the basketball
player who could shrink
his clothes.
It's funny because he's huge and then
he would shrink and then he would have like a
little like napkin around him because
his clothes don't shrink.
Right and then and then and then there was
this dude who was like very Kevin Bacon anybody
wasn't they clear they were clearly they were
like can we get Kevin Bacon the answers no and
then they got this guy and I'm sorry if that guy hears
this and is like fuck you.
But he was like his name was Johnny Lightning
because he could shoot lightning on it.
I think that guy is probably pretty happy to be hearing
that guy's brought up.
I would love to have that cast on.
What made them of science?
Yeah I'm not hearing a lot of science.
It was all that like everything
it's like the song
weird science and the movie weird science
it was sort of like we had that odd
time in our cultural
history when the computer was new
and everything scientific
was cool
but it was also
nerdy so it was like there were just a lot of
TV shows and movies about like wow
man science.
She blinded me with science.
Here's the science of getting laid.
Like Scott Baio and Zapt
like how am I going to make your bra
pop off with my mind.
I'm using science.
Is this God?
Hashtag rape culture.
And they did missions or
what are they they're fighting guys.
The misfits yeah I don't I wish I could remember
like how they justified that they had
to go do stuff right.
But it was kind of like very much X
men because it was sort of like hey come on
you guys are different like you can have a purpose though
hang out with me it was like
it was like the coach from White Shadow
I was like this guy was like
it was just like this guy
back then you could be a leading
man and just look like me there was
just like there were so few men in the world
the population
was like one eighth that's that's
if you're ever wondering when you look back
after reruns and you're like why Elliot Gould
like that's the answer is
yeah like like like there was
just no cloning yet.
The guy I always look at is William Peterson
who is great is in so
many great movies he's like manhunter
and to live in Diane LA
and has the tightest curls
just like this set of really tight
curls that's either the is he
manimal well no
he was not manimal he's the guy who was CSI
later okay like he was like
the first CSI right that's his name
yes William Peterson yeah
have you seen manhunter?
oh manhunter why did I heard manimal
no no no
he was not the manhunter he's the guy
hunting the manhunter
you mean the
the Michael Mann movie
with Tom Noonan
and the Ray Fiennes
role
check out that movie if you haven't seen it
it's like
their adaptation of the red dragon
book but from the 80s and it's kind of
it's pretty cool it's all that's great
Brian Cox's Hannibal Lecter
it's incredible yeah I think it's like
I mean I'm not gonna
it's better than the Ed Norton
I enjoyed both of them but like
I'll do it for you
it's better than the Ed Norton one
I feel like it's more
it somehow did a better job
of like driving home that idea
of like
the protagonist
he can catch these guys because he's
he's got a screw loose
like he's like
well he's living there like he climbs the train
he finds the little king of our rappers
and he's like living that guy's whole day
going like oh I know exactly how you did the crime
it's pretty good yeah and red dragon
the Ray Fiennes thing kind of like
it was more like you know
Ed Norton was there holding down the
the boat that's an expression don't look it up
they
but like they knew
they're like they probably watched the
I think they probably watched the Michael Mann one
and they're like Tom Noonan's a superstar
in this movie who do we
cast as the Tooth Fairy
okay we got Ray Fiennes like this movie's about this guy
you know it's not really
the hero really isn't
the cop who gets in your head
and the third act in both movies
it's like the resolution is
hey I know enough about you to shame you
about your pissing your pants
like that's how I'll get you to relax
enough to kill you yeah so it's actually
like kind of more apt to
but manhunter if I'm not mistaken
has like a weird scene where Tom Noonan
like hugs a tiger that's been
he does oh my god no I'm like
that alone you gotta watch
well in both movies and like the love
theme of the movie plays like this incredible
music yeah well in which
movie is it where they actually show her
because I've read the book too where it describes her
cupping the tiger's testicles
okay it's the blind woman
yeah he brings a blind woman to feel
a tiger that's been sedated
which I think it's
it's cool
I've never thought about it at a zoo ever since
every time I see a big animal I'm like at some point
in this animal's life
they get sedated
and then the people in the zoo go
and like snuggle yeah
I just think it's so interesting that he has
the empathy to understand
that as a blind woman she might be
into that
and that also as a blind woman she's like
first and last tiger I'm ever gonna touch
let's check out these nuts
I mean it makes you
love her it makes you love him
it makes you love him
because the tiger's like the tiger by the way
they state it's like oh he's got a bad tooth
they're gonna fix his tooth but the tiger's
like I like do I have any
agency like
I don't get I didn't even sign up
to be in a zoo but but having
do they get the tiger like a camera shot
or does a camera take while she's filling
the nuts like
it's a living
but which movie is it
in manhunter do they do the
I think it's Red Dragon where they really are more
faithful to the book where they show a close-up
of her hand kind of cup the
fur clad nut sack
of this tiger and then they cut
to Ray Fiennes going
like he's kind of like
vicarious
what's that caressing
I want that
blind hand on my scrotum
it's enough
to make you not want to eat
people
wait that's Hannibal
it's enough to make you not want to get a tattoo
of a painting across your entire back and super glue
Philip Seymour Hoffman to a wheelchair
that's right
it's a good movie
both movies are good
speaking also of when you
talk about unlikely leading men
I did watch a movie from the
70's not that long ago and
Robert Duvall
is the lead
and he always looked like he looked
he's like
he's always been 55 years old
he's like a heavy set ball dude
who's just like hey sweetie
what the fuck is he doing
it's the center of the film
there's like black and white movies with Robert Duvall
just like picking up his daughter from college
how far back do we have to go
what film is it with Robert Duvall
I was watching the outfit
and it's like
who saw this guy and was like
this is like the baddest dude
alpha male
like mr. cool
but he's always like
he's a New Yorker even like in true grit
he's like rooster
I got the girl up in rooster
I'm shut the pieces you son of a bitch
why is there a New York Jew
fighting John Wayne
at the end of true grit
he's fucking great
we got a big titted hit
you see the Charlie Varick
oh no that's fucking him up
yeah Walter Matthow
he also looked always like he looked
his jowls or like clack allys
see Charlie Varick
the women are like oh Charlie
come here you
people were just 40 back then
Walter Matthow is the least sexy actor
like he makes Elliott Gould look like
fucking Paul Newman
and Walter Matthow
fucks up model
for no reason
and not that into it
Charlie Varick at the end there is a
car chase or it's a car and an airplane
and the car is chasing an airplane
like taxing around the end of an airport
it's fucking good
but like why is
Walter Matthow getting laid
because he's not sexy
it was always like
it's a wonder why
oh that's why we respected our dad so much
because you watch movies
you're like well this movie is about how
robots are cool but there's that guy
that looks like my dad and he's
crushing all the pus
Stacey Keech
like everyone was your dad
watch your mouth out
Halloween 3 season of the witch
I can't remember that guy's name but
Viv and I were just talking about this
like we were just laughing about how it was like
god yeah the 80's it was like when your dad
was the star of every movie and like
Halloween 3 is not Michael Myers
like related it's like
this crazy movie about these like
science
masks that have science in them
and summon a Celtic spell
that makes snakes come out of kids mouths
and there's just this guy
it's just like the kind
of guy where you look at him and you can
smell their socks
like you know
because it's your dad
maybe when I say your dad it's like you guys are like
no my dad is like
your dad's name is Kayle
and like
was in the Peace Corps
my generation's dad
was just Stacey Keech
it was just like
showered every six days
had a broom mustache
and just drank
that and
if you're in a movie
then the law says
you're fucking the woman in the movie
and like it doesn't matter if she's 19
and you're 48
there's just no questions asked
as long as it's not an interracial
Charlie Ferrick is a great film but
that weird sex scene is like no
there's no way she fucks fucking Walter Mouth
there's no reason for it
they just had to throw that awful scene
into that film
see like Chris Hemsworth and Chris Evans
and then just go home and look at their awful dad
oh god
yeah is it any wonder that we're like eating ourselves alive
like you can't have those bodies
you have to
how do you get those bodies
we stopped counting
six packs like that was like
oh I get it you have to have a six pack
and then they're like fuck you we're not gonna count packs anymore
from now on
your torso has to
look like Groot even without
CG it just has to be made out of
fucking driftwood by
a horny god
and they've taken the normal guys
they took
Chris Pratt and like Zach Levi
who were just like slobs
cast to play normal guys
and made them
so all right what's up Chris Pratt's
like guardian's body
everyone was like that's CG
that's not asking me if it was
you came to the right place
I want bad news
Ombr
you worked for Pixar
when they did that
no no no man
you're all flesh and bone
why is this
germane to you you're like
I'm his dog sitter
I was one time
walking into a restaurant as he was walking out
I never believed before I checked
yeah I was like that's a silly amount of shame
for us to be projecting
I remember I saw Chris Pratt
in the flesh at the up front
during Parks and Rec and Community
times and I was like it's amazing
that at one time I did
look at him as someone that
maybe would play me in the biopic
because
he looked like he was shaped
like a bowling pin
who are we looking at now
who do we sort of have our eye
it's of course Donal Logue
he's playing me right now
on the set of my fiance's
show but honestly
the real answer is Ewan McGregor
obviously if you look long enough
you'll see it
people are like Russell Crowe
but I'm like whatever man
you're just trying to
Ewan McGregor
I would go Ron Perlman for you
he's just taking it in
just give him a second
to just process it
a single tears rolling down
his cheek
there was some kind of thing
when Donal Logue got cast
like
man the conversations I had to listen to
I was like but maybe
Jeff Goldblum's 90
it's like yeah but
and all these things and then like
and then finally they got
Donal Logue and then
apparently his name is not Donal
it's Donal
and also apparently Cody says we have to have him on the show
because he's like amazing and really fun
but
it got back
to me that
when he got approached for the part
he
Googled me and then asked his agent
who then asked the producer
who asked Cody who repeated this to me
because I guess she perceives me
as a maid of tougher stuff
I guess I've successfully tricked her
into thinking that I am
somehow self-actualized
I guess
by being on top of someone
perfect and not
constantly opting out
I guess she's like this guy's got balls of steel
but
he got the offer and then he Googled me
and then his question was like
this isn't about body type is it
it was like
oh no
wait
he preceded insults to him
yeah
or he wanted people to know he'd lost weight
I don't know man
it shouldn't have gotten back to me that's the only truth
here
he didn't want me to hear that
it's like the episode
you're playing me
you'll be playing the part of
what the fuck man
that doesn't
happen to Winston Churchill
it doesn't
hear that people were like what do I put on a suit
and also
if he Googles Dan Harmon
body and image searches it
he's probably getting more results
than he would anticipate
well to be fair if you start typing
my name it bodies the first thing that comes up
it's feet
um
and then a slew of stuff that
anyways
alright well what else here we got here
Hollywood
yes Hollywood baby
so
can we try a Hollywood thing or is that a weird thing
to have a voice upon us
what does that mean
can we do
we don't do anything
they've been trying to tell you
they don't do anything
when we first started
we had much more of a premise
to the podcast which it was
kind of a parody
of all these shows about
becoming successful in Hollywood
like WTF was like the biggest
show at the time
every episode was like when did you first realize
you were funny and so we were like
doing a parody of those types
of interviews that were like
at the time 85% of podcasts
yes
Marc Maron called me a genius
dude
he's not far
off
he's all around it
I haven't listened to that episode
who were your guys
who were my guys
he asks everyone
the tough crowd crew
Colin Quinn
Nicky DePaul
but we sort of ran out of stuff
to do with that and stopped being interested
in it and podcast
became more broad too
so it wasn't as clear of like a one to one
thing and then
the show became like more abstract
I guess and also
we started taking
on much smaller targets
like other shows
we were jealous of specifically for being
more popular like we would invite someone on
and we would do their podcast to them
and tell them we were
doing it better like we had Paula Topkis on
and we were like how about we Spontaneonation
you and then we just
made him sit through our version of his
podcast basically Paula Topkis
doesn't follow me on Instagram so I no longer
follow him
take me through the moment when we realize
that we're like it was fucking rough
because I was gonna like for the 90th time
in my Paul F. Tompkins please like
me career I was about
to comment on one of his Instagrams
just a totally safe fucking
like here's a bowl of fruit for the
Hawaiian Easter Island fucking
God that I perceive you as
just like
just reminding you I exist and I'm in your corner
and then I was like you know you see
that message that's like
there's some guidelines here
you know like where it's like
excuse me sir
this user has
put up some fucking boundaries
you know like
basically
I think I did the same thing
where you have to follow me in order
to comment but wait no that doesn't make
sense sometimes I think he disables comments
I
it's something like
well whatever it is he froze me out and
I don't care anymore because I need to
it's not about him
I need to find my
right before I got here
I need to find my self-esteem and that's
nobody's problem with mine it's
you know it's like he's probably
smelling the desperation on me and like
I
maybe
he and Marc Maron have a bit of a frosty past
he hears him call you a genius
yeah
and that hurts his ego
choose right now
can we get word
to Paul F. Topkins that I'm positive
Marc Maron hates me now as well
just because like how would you
not
flow
it's because I think like we have
that'll get Paul on board
do you have Paul's number on your phone
you gotta call
no stop it
you crossed the line and you're embarrassing me
because this is a for real thing that I'm pretending
as a joke and it's for real and you're embarrassing me
can I tell you I'm sure
he didn't but I think that
Paul F. Tomkins subtweeted me because I think
he follows me on Twitter and he was like
I think
listen to this guy
so when you follow
someone you can see their
icon appear more often on your reactions
and mentions and stuff and he was like
there's some people that follow me
that never interact with any of my posts
and only like
posts responding to me and I'm like
I've done that like more than
200 times and so
I was certain because like sometimes he just gets
into it with people and the people have really funny things
to say and they go on these long threads and I'm like
like that like that like that but like he kicks
it off but it's not like he's not making
those jokes he's just making his jokes and so I
don't know but but I definitely
am pretty sure that was just straight up
me he was talking to
this is him
that actually and he
of course was just an example of
a person we'd done a podcast with
and didn't need to be
like a subject of an entire
because like for example he told us to
like antagonize you on the show
I mean no he would have to care
that would be flattering
I
I would be amazing
if he was like
that's what I want
we're ribbing each other
why don't you reach out to him and bring him on the show
because the whole point
we brought him on the show before
it's like there's nothing I can do
I've done that
part of what he doesn't like
about me if I may be
so
assumptive if that's a word
is that is this what I'm doing right now
he doesn't want anywhere near this kind
of relationship with like I know
I know how he feels
this guy that I'm doing right now
it's like what is that person
saying other than like a million red flags
about like like oh
come be part of my
my fucking sticky
negative energy fucking like
tell me you like me because
that's how I know I like myself like
no grow up
and be cool like Scott Ackerman
and all of my earwolf friends
and then
maybe one day I'll come around
when you're so fucking cool
you know the day that you stop
wanting it then I'll be like hey kid
and then I'll look
and you'll throw me your jersey like
like means
means you're green and a coca-cola ad
kid wanted the jersey really bad
in that
I think that's victim blaming now
that's it
did the Pepsi
Michael Jackson ad rip off the
coke mean Joe Green thing
when Michael Jackson throws the hat
to the kid that he ends up raping for 30 years
Michael Jackson has the right response
a fucking deal
some people are upset I think
because they think Michael Jackson was innocent
I think that's what the people in the crowd
are saying I agree with you I think he's guilty
I'm not taking a position either way
but we should talk about it for a while
just as a fan of
positive reactions
yeah come on I like to just
collect positive reactions
let's talk about him
let's move on to Attorney General William
Barr let's talk about that
he fucks so many children
he's fucking the children
of the Constitution
fun time to be alive
let's talk about Hollywood
do you guys feel bad for Liam Neeson
okay this is great
I have two incredibly unpopular
opinions
I never clicked on any
but just hearing the
story of what happened
I feel bad for
okay I thought you were talking about something else
go on
his wife passed
we definitely did feel bad about that
that one was easy
wait that happened recently
not thorny at all years ago
but Hayes can't escape it
that's like one of his movies
wait it's Liam Neeson
Liam Neeson in the news
no no no
it was a thing
look he was doing
some morning show or something I didn't click on it
I didn't see what the thing was
so I have to admit that I didn't click on it
so I only saw the headlines
but I was like wait this doesn't make sense
in the flow chart of how it should work
that he was doing like
I'm gonna call it a Dan Harmon kind of thing
where he was like
I'm so excited about how
fucking improved I am
and how much I want people to like me
I'm gonna tell you that I was racist 40 years ago
and
unless you think I'm just throwing that term out
no for real like I wanted to murder
any black person at all
like I was in this situation
you know I kind of like just told the story about how this
like 40 years ago and then it was like
well
then thanks for telling us that
because now we can hate you
as opposed to like the rules that used to be
where it was like well thanks for telling us that
because we wouldn't have known otherwise
therefore we need to encourage that kind of transparency
so here's a
metal not really but
can I ask you something though
so you have this opinion
it's a very unpopular opinion
and yet
you still haven't clicked on it
and I'll point this out
this wasn't like
that recently
you have had time
I keep thinking about it
well I've been compiling a list of unpopular opinions
one is that I think the blues brothers movie
is overrated
yeah I gotta agree with you there
they're singing and stuff
is this funny
I don't understand
you cannot crack up when you hear
the iconic line
we're on a mission from god
I
kind of the laugh that got
this place is fucking burning down
but then
Aretha Franklin comes out and says
you better think it was pretty fucking good
like there's good music moments in it
it might be
it was probably a blast to me
why do we need these guys
I think it's high time that
five white guys weighed in on jazz music
and saw
okay but can we weigh in on two other white guys doing it
yeah
the high road is a medium road
the blues brothers are jazz music to you
they're off limits now the blues brothers
for me you got
fucking Ray Charles and you got Aretha
that's pretty groovy
I think that it probably was a movie that when everyone saw it
it was like wow this must have been so fun
to be a part of
and it felt like it was cool on set
or something and then it gets remembered as
what a great movie but if you just sit down
and watch the movie for what the movie is
it's not that funny
yeah okay thank you
and even less explicable
is the sketch
on SNL
it was all about that
I mean I understand
like I feel like I feel insulted
by people's responses because their responses
are always to explain to me
as if
I don't understand that
it was possible that there was a time
when
people felt this way or that way
you're not
comedy you're not telling
I do understand that
I read the oral history of Saturday Night Live
I do understand and I think it's really cool
I read the headline
that John Belushi
who looks nothing like
any fucking leading man
before there even was a fat dude market
I mean there wasn't even that
and he looks like John Belushi
and this variety show
at midnight on Saturday produced by
this crazy hippie
and all these second city people
and it's this fucking awesome
and Dan Aykraid's got the ass burgers
and they don't have a word for it yet
and he and Belushi had this
intersection where they both love old blues music
and Pharrell loved it
and didn't punch down on it
we're super into it and that America
was like yeah comedy
is so possible to also be
sexy and fun and subversive
that I choose to love this
that's part of the joke
I get all that
but then there's this
separate issue of like
now let me propose an alternative
watch the movie Airplane
by the Zucker Brothers
I mean Jesus Christ
there's a lot of fucking jokes in that movie
40% of them are now racist
but they all still register
as jokes
yeah it's like okay set up punchline
and you can kind of like
I just kind of
part of me that resents
Liam Neeson loves that movie
I have to tell you
there's a guy I used to love the blues brothers
I loved it so much
I saw the movie
and I just wanted to beat a minority to death
I'm just putting that out there
I hope honesty is still the best policy
Dan Harmon told me it was
well I got news for you
old timer
you're going to the Husqow
wait no I have a particular set of skills
hey did you guys see Cold Pursuit
I haven't seen it
it's worth watching
I watch it with Cody
your money doesn't go to racism
like
it's interesting
it's a weird
Dan Harmon raves
it's worth watching
I mean that is my rave these days
yeah for sure
I was speaking of blues and brothers
I was at the fucking drawing room
on a karaoke last Sunday
and a dude
I saw him sitting in the booth
and he had a harmonica that he brought
and he was warming up on the harmonica
in a restaurant? at the drawing room
in the bar
and it was karaoke night
and yes he was warming up to lay down
a little fucking harp
was he wearing it with like the metal
no he's like around
even though he doesn't have a guitar
he's just like
it's a Tesla harmonica
that'd be great
if he had the harmonica rig at the air guitar
while he was doing it
he got up there and played fucking harmonica
and the crowd was fucking downright mutinous
nobody
nobody wanted anyone to bring
their own harmonica to a bar
I'm
even though you would think guys of my antipathy
toward the antipathy for the scooters
where I'm like oh you're just overreacting
but it's like they were there
they know
you know like I trust them
the crowd
I'm like don't bring
props to karaoke
I feel
at least let it be a surprise
when you're up there
pull it out of your pocket during like the instrumental
that would be amazing
during the musical interlude
you like whipped it out of your pocket
people would be like
fucking
this brother fucker was warming up in the fucking booth
that's not
is this guy gonna fucking do a bob don't song
I'll mix it up I'm on this guy's side
you're at karaoke
to hear another person's shitty version
of a song that was done well before
who cares if they're fucking singing it wrong
nobody wants to hear somebody's
fucking harmonica
was he bad?
yes!
the purpose of karaoke isn't to
have a song like
Sean name your favorite harmonica player
and why you hesitate
popper
and that's why we're a team
my man never lets me
he's your city hall body man
he's got five harmonica players
you didn't believe that
you don't love that guy's harmonica
I think it's funny
run around the hook
Neil Young plays
me and harmonica
but he doesn't bring it to karaoke
but he brings it to the last waltz
and he's playing it up there
yeah exactly
maybe this guy's the next Neil Young
it must be kind of crazy
do you think there are prisoners
that still
like how do you think a prison reacts
they feel patient
on seablock
it's midnight and then like the new guy
or he's been there six months
and you just hear like
and then like the oldest guy goes
nope
don't
you have to open up
what's the Richard Pryor
Gene Wilder one
way down in the valley
and the guy breaks out the
fucking perfect harmonica
and it's beautiful
so
someone trying to play you off
that was my intro music to harmonica
so I went to
see maybe this will get groans
I don't know but I went to see
Dave Chappelle and John Mayer
perform
they did like a tour together
where like John Mayer played like three
John Mayer songs that Dave Chappelle did like 40 minutes to stand up
and then they just like hung out on stage together
I think we love it
John Mayer is a friend of the podcast
just to see you guys know
going forward
like when you go outside the ear wolf well
there's other famous people
played tennis with them once
so I
John Mayer? Yes
101?
we played doubles actually
same side or rivals
rivals
can I ask what the score line was again
man
I don't know
what that means but I think that means you won
he called me a comedy bully
I thought you were like a comedy guy
beating our ass
what would you say is John Mayer's weakness
and doubles tennis?
an ability to play well
it's a lack of experience
is what it is
he seemed like he was just learning the game
but when I went to see him with Dave Chappelle
at a certain point they
wanted to bring out our friend Fred
now Fred used to be in Prince's band
and he used to tour with him
and he's going to play harmonica for us
and John Mayer played purple rain
on the guitar
and Fred did the vocal with the harmonica
and it was fucking awesome
because it's like
there's these notes up there
very few people can sing
but when he was just hitting it
so Fred did all the vocals for purple rain?
he did it
and the harmonica played
what the vocal melody would be
but holding these sustained notes
Fred's the guy that I
assuming
I was dreaming when I wrote this
what's that song?
I'm assuming Fred's the guy
that goes
well life is just a party
and parties was meant to last
that's gotta be Fred because it's the only
non-prince male voice
I think so
but it was
really good and I was like
harmonica can be pretty cool
interesting
I don't even understand
I guess I understand
pianos are buttons that you press
so that's a lot like a typewriter
so I get that
what's happening with the harmonica?
the guitar then you can make my brain
stretch and go okay you block
certain strings from going all the way
and it just seems like
I ask it for trouble
and I guess you're doing the same thing
with a fiddle but like
instead of plucking you're stroking
and
you got a bunch of holes like I don't have to
describe all musical instruments for you
but wait no back up
because it seems like
you do understand the flute but not the harmonica
well I don't
understand the flute well yeah I do because there's buttons
like a typewriter so you blow
you blow into the flute and then you type
boop boop boop boop
boop boop
fade in and then this happens
you know call to adventure across the threshold
then you go down and boom
where's season 4
harmonica is basically
harmonica is like a little piano like an octave or two
that you just blow in and out and you get
you get the white and the black keys
how do you play the piano?
whoa
you dared it man
you said blow into the piano
I was dead
oh no
we're currently out of the hollywood handbook
but I remember my grandpa
world war 2 veteran
grandpa
he had like a harmonica
that he would play once in a while
I think he learned to play it in the marines
when he was just hanging out
in the stuff you see in the thin red line
my grandpa was there but John Cusack
wasn't in real life it was just like
17 year old dudes like hanging out smoking cigarettes
and
he had a harmonica
from back then and he could play it
it was like somehow he learned during his
days in the war to play it
and I remember him explaining that you use your
tongue
to block some of the holes
to block other notes yeah
crazy, crazy instrument
anybody here has your tongue to block stuff
yeah I think we would have heard it by now
yeah
because I can play Osisanna
if you get a harmonica
you can play Osisanna
does anybody have a harmonica, come on
somebody's holding out
will he chain harmonica, come on
everyone's gotta die 20, no one's got a harmonica
it's hollywood baby
somebody's got a harmonica
oh life is just a part of him
but his was meant to last
you kind of went like a little
catch you fuckers at a bad time
this flashlight
shines ultraviolet rays
well this
bullets tipped with
sodium nitrate
garlic
it's garlic
this here's a bullet
these bullets are cased with
a chemical sodium
garlithinol
this is from blade everybody
that's garlic
he does the whole thing where he's like
come on
come on over here gonna show you
some shit
this flashlight
shines 250
watts of solid UV
radiation
sunlight
these bullets are tipped in canola oil
combined with sodium pentothal
traces of laser
fiber garlic
these two pieces of wood
are at an actual perpendicular
it's a cross
no no no
it's more like
these defibrillators
send a sonic frequency
identical to cuniferous
vegetation
hehehe
clear
ow
sonic
tree
god damn there's
I can't believe how cool you made killing vampires
it's a great movie no one's good
you won't catch me saying blade's not good
that's fun
David S. Goyer would make a great guest
book him
David S. Goyer screenwriter
you don't have to nod Zach
Zach's like
on it
do you want a beat
do you want a brainstorm best
okay I'll work on that too
I'm just waiting for you to want a beat
I think Steve said we
booked Jerry Springer
Jerry Springer like
this is such great kismet
I mean
I was at the drawing room
if you're there before noon
I'm sure I wasn't
Jerry Springer will be on the TV
and like I was like how do we even know this guy
when is he
has he stopped making these episodes
what's he doing
I was familiar enough that his story is kind of
winding and interesting
to the point where I'm like I don't want him to die
doing the Jerry Springer show
and I was wondering like how long has he been doing
sorry for my gross fucking
gastro burps
we'll edit those out
and it just
Wikipediaed him
and it's like he just stopped
he just finished like doing the Jerry Springer show
and he's like getting ready to do his
Jerry show
he has a podcast and I was like
I texted Levy and was like
can we get Jerry Springer as a guest
because if you read his Wikipedia page
every single
every third sentence
how come this isn't a biopic
his family escaped the holocaust
most of his ancestors were
isolated during the holocaust
he was born during the Blitz
that's the really funny thing
his mother gave birth to him during
funny the
weird
his mother gave birth to him during the bombings in the tube
in the subway
basically
all of his family tree
this is probably
an exaggeration
you get the impression that
every single one
of what would have been
an expansive family tree
instead became a funnel
into one
twig which is Jerry Springer because of the
holocaust
everyone got wiped out
except for this little baby
what was it like he was like
yeah something like that
that's even a fascinating story
he invented the typewriter
Forrest Gump is sort of based loosely on Jerry Springer
Jerry Springer
just sort of touched everything
he also
did a recent episode called
babes with baguettes
because they couldn't say chicks with dicks
babes
that's good stuff
is that better
well you can't
not still get mad and they're like what
I'm kind of curious does he still
have an episode
5500 where it was clearly just
all I ever see is it with the volume down
I'll just look up and see like
why is everyone dressed like
Snoopy
you'll just look up and see some ridiculous
like
comedia del art play going on
with wigs flying around
and ideal shoes
if you look up his biography
he's quite intellectual
he's a very
well that's what I wonder
when I would watch Jerry Springer
when I was in my 20s and I would
get high with my vegan hippie
girlfriend and it was ironic
enough to watch anything on TV
we were like eating
vegan sandwiches and we were just like
oh what's on Jerry Springer it's 3 in the afternoon
I'm 20
I'm hate watching it but whatever
what I remember from that
show back then was like the Springer Final Thoughts
which were
inconceivably well written
I don't know who was writing those things
Steve the bodyguard guy
maybe
it was just the weirdest thing
you remember Springer's Final Thoughts
Steve got his own show right
but did he keep doing those
because I look up and I'll just see
a man in a wedding dress
punching a mouse
and I'll just see it with the volume down
and I'll be like does he still
at the end of that episode go
I mean is
you need to respect people
and does he recycle his Final Thought
we kind of covered this ground before
punching a mouse is also
a lot like learning clarinet
I bet they haven't stopped trying
to fill time on that show
after 25 years
so I'm guessing that he still does
why is there that weird fan
there's that weird like industrial
like you're in a basement
you're where you can trust
that
the street justices
you're in the third act of the third man with Orson Welles
like why is there the fuck
you're away from the prying eyes of our already corrupt system
you're in Fagan's hideout
you know it's like look
this pickpocket asked for more soup get him
I never read Oliver Twist
I believe Fagan had a
hideout in the story where he pitted you
against
I think that we're led to believe that we're
in some sort of underground
fight club kind of thing
that might need to be dried off quickly
in a pinch
fire up that fan
and kind of point it at the floor
I'm going to clear the courtroom
he might threaten the entire audience
before the cameras roll
I have in my hand a button
and that fan works
and will suck all organic material
shoot it through a cannon
across the Atlantic
he escaped annihilation
from the
German holocaust of Jews
and he made it to Chicago and became like a
almost a senator
he ran for governor or mayor
he was a decent politician
here's something really interesting about his political career
that I saw on his Wikipedia page
so before
the mayor of Cincinnati thing
he got interested in politics
and then there was this
he got arrested with a
there was a sex worker
scandal
that kind of marred him
he wrote a check
he paid for sex work with a personal check
but it wasn't
he didn't pay for it with
taxpayers money he didn't pay for it with campaign funds
it was
I don't know if he was married maybe that was his crime
he was unfaithful but like
it was a scandal
as per the times
but the interesting thing is that he
there was a thing subsequent to that
where he wanted to run for another thing
and
and it was like
his campaign
was using that
check and his slogan was like
something like you can count on me
I got nothing to hide
something like I'll tell the truth
even if it hurts
that's exactly what it was
I mean this guy is singing my song
I mean it's like
I just want him to be happy
I don't want him to like Robert Altman
like die on a set
I want him to die on a Joseph Campbell
on a porch somewhere he's done enough
Joseph Campbell died on a porch
yeah as you should
was it his porch
or somebody else's porch
of course it was his porch
I don't know
whose porch do you think you're supposed to die on
Joseph Campbell could have died on anybody's porch
he could have died on Carl Jung's porch I don't know
don't die on another person's porch
that's what a mummy does
that's rude
let's face it that's rude
that's a
that's a ghost story
new rules
die on your own porch
but yeah
how badass would be to die on somebody else's porch
all right well you're always in it for the thrill
but like
you're gonna get to be my age
three months from now
when I die on your porch you're gonna go fuck
if you die on my porch
I'm gonna
I'm gonna high five your corpse
you're gonna be going to a meeting in the morning
you're gonna see a dead Jeff Tapers on your porch
you go fucking guy
die on my porch
so the bitch really did it
I'm picturing him finding you just kind of falling out of your car
in front of his house
and like you tried to get over there
but he didn't quite make it
hey if you had to die on someone's porch
somebody a porch other than your own
whose porch would you like to be dead on
I know my man here is thinking
he's got a great porch
and you really do
oh yeah I'd be pretty offended if Hayes didn't say my porch
that was my first thought
and of course since I've already stated
that dying on someone else's porch is rude
you know I'm dying on the porch of the orange buffoon
oh nice
the cheeto in chief
let's all die on the
capital steps
that's right I'm marching right up to the white house
I'm dying
on the porch of Mar-a-Lago
wait
speaking of the capital steps
Dan and I sent you a message
Dan and I hate the
comedy satire group
and I use all those words in fucking quotations
the capital steps
might be the worst
professional jealousy
they're playing in Pasadena
we kind of have to go there
what do they do now
like that question was
viable back in the dangling chat days
I was like okay this is all too funny now
in parodies itself
now what do they do
well sometimes you're a Nazi
and you don't want to be one
what are their parody songs about
I mean lots of stuff
rhymes with Bill Barr
probably personalities
I guess it's the same old thing
it always boils down to that anyway
fucking capital steps
I want to fucking punch all of them
there's a lot of funny stuff you can do with ice
ice baby
picture him like ice
they had to burn that right away
they're probably trying to figure out
yeah ice baby
they lock up babies in the cages
it's fucking perfect
yeah do you think they have standards
when they're like oh it's too soon
or it's too sensitive
I guess that's my big question
is like politics are no longer
like it's like you can't really
yeah do they like
oh we're not gonna do that because
well we'll be I got a great rhyme for that
but someone will start crying
I'm pretty sure
that one of the capital steps comes out with a diaper on
and goes I'm an ice
ice baby
they're locked up and they're at the border
I guarantee that's a fucking thing
I have a lot of friends in the capital
steps
not a lot, three
and they have a policy
which is yes they'll say something is too soon
which means we have to do it
nice
that's the Breckheimer
school
that's when he did Conair
what was that that happened
it was too close to a convict
killing everyone
landing an airplane on a Las Vegas drip
I don't remember that
there was a real Conair
and Breckheimer was like
too soon let's do it
wow
Dave Chappelle
in that movie
oh yeah
I've never seen it
also it's a
you haven't seen it?
worth watching
I've heard
somebody was talking about that movie
they should make a movie about that movie
because clearly
so many things happened on that set
so many things changed about
everyone
everyone that showed up to that set
it was like
people coming
whose cars breaking down outside
a haunted house or something
everything changed on that set
oh yeah
I wish I could remember Nick Cage's name
I know one of the prisoners gets introduced
and they go
A.K.A. Diamond Dog
Diamond Dog?
yeah he's got a name
I don't know what that name is
but then they say A.K.A. Diamond Dog
because he's a big David Bowie fan
huge Bowie fan
yeah
John Kuzak is driving around
on the ground in that movie
and he knows
that
John Kuzak's a cop
he's a good guy
he's like a librarian
he's in communication with Nick Cage
who's a convict with a heart of gold
and he's just trying to get home to his daughter
and he wants to bring her this stuffed bunny
and if that other convict doesn't
put the bunny down as he famously says
in the movie
he's gonna kill him and he does
so Nick Cage doesn't want
he's only in jail because his hands are
deadly weapons I think
so he kills someone
and it's not fair
he got in a bar fight like defending someone's honor
and then wound up killing them
so he doesn't want
I'm sorry I keep asking the same question
but he definitely does not want
no he's a good guy
he wants to do his time
he wants to pay his debt to society
he's going home I think
I think he's going out of prison
when Conair gets hijacked
he's going home
his reaction is basically oh brother
so that's how
that was the impetus of the movie
it was like oh Conair
it transports criminals
and some of them are like
I did it and then they look around
and they're like these guys
I don't want to be a plan
oh brother
they'd love for this plane to
deactivate the smoke detectors
good gravy
oh my goodness
imagine me
being in the position of a goodie goodie
after all this time
I get it now
that's a great movie
it kicks ass
so what's the crisis
what's the meeting with the goddess
for Nick Cage
oh jeez thank you for asking
well
okay
it's a movie about
convicts getting on an airplane
hence the title Conair
some are going away for a long time
some are just trying to get through it
it's like a cast of misfits
somebody on the plane
I would have assumed Nick Cage
but now I'm here
someone else on the plane is a bad guy
who's got a plan
modern equivalent of your watch
huh
is it John Malkovich
who is the bad guy
who's the main bad guy
I don't think he's the guy who actually kicks it off
but he might have been
I know this isn't going to be the case
but it's a Breckheimer movie
so I want John Kuzak to not be a cop
I want John Kuzak to be something one off a cop
like he's a veterinarian
or a biographer
who's like I just need
to write
I need one chapter from
the character when he lands
and then somehow he's roped into
profiling or something
so they're getting on the plane
so page 25 is going to be
the hijacking of the plane
so then
your question is what happens on page 60
the answer is going to be
the convicts are officially in charge
of where the plane is going
but where is our
Nick Cage is our protagonist
Cameron Poe
it's a two-hander
it's a buddy comedy
not a comedy
he's Bruce Willis
what's his name
Cyrus the Virus
Malkovich is named Cyrus the Virus
Ving Reims is Diamond Dog
I believe he's kind of a good guy too
Ving Reims is another guy by the way
who's like eternally 48
they find a Ving Reims movie
where he's 20
Kuzak's a US Marshal
it's Larkin
it's Barry Larkin's cousin
it's 60 minutes into the movie
if it's two hours
half way point of the movie
means that the convicts are now flying the plane somewhere
is he on the convict's side
or on the side of the law at this point
he's probably trying to play both sides
he's playing both sides
he's got to get home to his daughter
he's got to do whatever is going to get him home safe
and
if that means letting Cyrus the Virus
who's an evil genius
believe for a moment that maybe he's on the
side of the convicts well then that's what he's going to do
and here's where I'd ask
how is he in contact with the
his buddy in this buddy cop movie
but I already know because
this conversation I had with this friend
who was telling me they should make a movie about that movie
is the part where Dave
Dave Chappelle is
a note is
attached to his body
and he's thrown out of the airplane
his body lands on a car
and the note is still legible
because
if a human body falls from a plane
and lands hilariously on
probably some douchebag's car
he's like the guy is like
he's like hey
I'm sure he's like
telling a valet like
if I see one fucking scratch on that thing
I'm going to do even more cocaine
come on girls
girls
we don't want to go
you don't get agency
smash
what the fuck
that's my car
and then Cusack pulls up
Librarian
what
it's written in teddy bear
hair
I'm on flight 740 aka the jailbird
yeah
the convicts have taken over the plane
it's a matter of
it's a mystery where they're going
it's like a race to figure out
where they're going to try to land
so the goddess is probably
Chappelle hitting the car
that's probably the meeting with the goddess
because it's the truth that you didn't know
you were seeking
do you think you wouldn't be able to read the note
if somebody got thrown from the plane
Dave Chappelle?
no I mean like
do you think that if someone was thrown from a plane
you'd have to go that you'd be able to
when it was like their body would explode
how was it attached
like a safety pin or
it's like in permanent marker on the white shirt
he's wearing
this body would be liquefied
the moment you hit the car
if you fall from very low or very high
your body room is completely attacked
there's a sweet spot in the middle where you explode
off a building you explode from a plane
you're fine
a lot of people don't understand that
if you hold your breath theoretically the right time
you don't need to parachute
to skydive
if you land on a car the car collapses
it's a good place
if you're falling and right before you hit the ground you jump
you just have to jump
it's basically impossible
but theoretically
if you jump right before you hit the ground
you actually
not only don't need to parachute
you
you come
and you sneeze
yeah
and you learn three languages
but you don't get to pick which one
nope
two of them are always
Esperanto
that'd be awesome
you're super powers you can speak a language
but you don't get to pick
you just don't know what you're fucking talking about
it'd be amazing if you're one super powers
if someone throws you out of an airplane
you land without
harm
you're probably trying to get yourself in
situations
at a bar somebody's intimidating
don't talk to my girlfriend that way
to tell you what man
let's just
go to the immediate conclusion here
let's get up in a plane
you throw me out
not over the ocean over land
oh man 80% water
it's not part of it
don't you guys
new hollywood question
don't you think someone in the movie
follows
don't you think
someone should have said
let's try
I have a friend who works as a flight attendant
let's have sex with them
right
see what happens
did someone have that friend
well everyone is only
two degrees separation from a flight attendant
here's what I'm worried about
those degrees are always fucking degrees
those people are fucking
horny
flight attendants for the most part
work like one round
trip or like a couple
in a couple days
but it's not going to get that far
because it's walking
and so then the flight attendant goes home
it has like a month layoff
a lot of these people do it part time
so
now the monster that has gotten
like what two miles
in the time of that plane round trip
what I hear you saying is don't
take off from Denver
JFK
like fuck somebody
let it follow you to the airport
get on the plane
first of all it's like it follows
you through security
I'd love to see that
yes
and then like peace
see ya and it's like it following
and you're like
and it goes out on the tarmac and it's like
and
and then it just walks into the fucking ocean
you're going to Tokyo
from JFK
you don't need to be a flight attendant to get on a plane though
well I was right
well because I would say this
but they are most likely to get
on a plane you have to admit
I'm already
when I saw the movie I was like get on a plane and the people are like
must be nice
okay alright
they use clamshell phones
obviously
hello
privilege and I'm like okay well
fuck a flight attendant which
literally is something anyone can do
these people are
worse than renaissance fair employees
they are
are worlds
disease conduit
it's out of the
Google it
Google the
phrase patient zero
and see how quickly any airline
comes up
alright too much
well look I'll tell ya
you see there's another
like all these measles cases popping up everywhere
and every time one happens they show that person's like
whole itinerary for a couple days
and the one from the other day
they put up was
8x terminal 2
the employee shuttle
to a hotel
and then the barn's a noble at the grove
the j crew at the grove
oh embarrassing
I hate for my itinerary to be out there
a coldplay concert
the news anchor's like
okay
I guess they spend a lot of time in the air
hey can you just put that I went to a movie theater
you don't have to say like what I saw
yeah there was that whole
Avengers Endgame
which I feel like oh the Avengers Endgame audience
may have been exposed to
right no they passed on that
went to j crew
but what I'm saying is based on this itinerary
and then they went back to the airport on the employee shuttle
so it was probably a flight it doesn't
they fuck a lot
you get measles man
people don't want to tell you
I get pretty drunk in the last half hour of the show
I
I say stuff that I later regret
if you're a flight attendant and you're human
I'm already sorry
I do want to say
if you're a flight attendant and you're not human
come on come do the show
yeah
it follows monster I do think can walk across
the bottom of the ocean
for sure that's what I'm counting on
I'm saying to my friend who works for jet blue
I'm like dude
can you fuck
what do you think I work at an airline
and I'm like can you fuck my friend
yeah
it's like a timeless evocation
of the 80s or slash 90s
like oh of course I'll fuck her
alright you guys fuck
now you're free Cynthia
you and I can now fuck
without any incident
thank you Trevor
flair the friendly skies
so you understand
there's going to be an apparition that's walking
after you hey man
it's welcome to do it
I'm going to Tokyo
and then just like watch this thing like walking
along the fucking
ocean floor going back
even if it is what he said where it's like
you're just going like Dallas to
New York or something every week
isn't the thing going to walk
like halfway to
back and then it's just going to be like
this is what I'm saying
this is what I'm saying about their work schedule
it doesn't it's not that consistent
they mostly work part time
they'll do a couple round trips and then be
back in Dallas
but you're saying they're there for a month
yeah they can but often
they're there for three days
three days you know two weeks
and then
I'm just saying if it had
walked like halfway through Ohio
and then it's like this motherfucker's
back in Texas
turn around like Jesus Christ
I guess I'll walk back
and then just as they're getting back
into fucking
Jeff Davis County
yeah I don't know
like what are you a
stockholder and it follows Inc
well I like the Tokyo version
of
you have sex with someone
they fly to Tokyo which is where they live
and they or they're just going to spend
enough time there that it
follows will follow into the
like ocean floor
right like I got a better
idea how to solve that movie
just don't have sex
we've all got to be having sex all
the time read a
book like maybe
the whole world out there go on a hike
but like
if it walks
two days into the Atlantic Ocean
but then that person comes back
well then it's a two-day
trip back so all you've bought yourself
is a nice long weekend well that's
a lot of time that you can plan your next
trip so you go
to the opposite coast
again like a little
a little transcontinental
okay now the money is starting to pile
up here Dan I can see the
we're flying every four days
it follows meets catch me if you
can
oh wow
in a future world where it's following
everyone and a
clever like Leo DiCaprio character
is like I'm the only guy that gets it
everyone fuck me
I don't have it
that's the question could Frank
Abagnale have
conned the it follows
monster
alright well we did our job
right you guys have a sports podcast
right yeah we do thank you
so much yeah of course if you want to
listen to these guys it's called
Hollywood Handbook
we
yeah
we have a patreon
podcast now yeah
they get more money maybe it's called
the flagrant ones
yeah it's a completely different
thank you yeah a different thing
I don't know anything about sports
but I listen to it and I find it
enjoyable from a standpoint of someone
who doesn't know or care about sports
wow that's high
what is the flagrant ones about
NBA yeah
are you following the playoffs right now
are you guys big fans
wait the playoffs are right now
just now
oh boy we're going to be in trouble
yeah we're big fans
who you written for who do you like
we're both from New England until we like
the Celtics
and then we are
Clippers season ticket holders
and we go to a lot of the games
I'm from LA so fuck the Celtics
well we like the Clippers too
and they lost already
so all the teams I like
will be out and I guess then I will root
for the Warriors too loose
yeah
Jeff here
thank you for stifling your applause
because I had something coming
that was just getting rolling
I thought
sometimes Jesus
has got to dry the bowling lane
what the fuck does that
I don't know dude I don't know
the ball doesn't go down
if it's not wet
I'm going to start a new podcast
with Sean and Hayes about what the fuck you just said
we're just going to spread the next
three years parsing what you just said
why does Jesus have to dry a bowling lane
just because sports are about
competition between all of the
city's teams doesn't
mean that sports
can't be about all of them being together
give me a
beat
Zach you got a beat of any sort up there
oh yeah
here we go
exactly what I had in mind
this one's hard
say thank you right now for coming to
give it up for Sean and Hayes
thank you
thanks for coming out
yeah
right about now
oh
yeah oh check
check mic check 2
3 1 2 check 4
check out the flavor one
5 6 1 2 1
4 2 1
yo you got the NBA
all across this great nation
you got the philadelphia
sportsmen's
you got the new york
short foreman's
you got the chicago bears
you got the philly town cheeses
and the wisconsin care bears
you got the eagles from the west
got the south by south west
the new york's the best
got the florida gators and the gators in the east
got the south by south conference
in the beast with the
i'm talking about seattle montreal
cleveland and the
and the buildings
got the
i'm talking every team
somehow when i was thinking about this
i imagined myself improvising better
have you ever done that
where you're like oh yeah it's a list of cities
and it'll be funny
thank you for coming to harvard ten everybody
you got the
you got the connecticut lizards
you got the chicago
blizzards got the
Ohio dog
youpines those are a combination of
dog and porcupine
you got the louisiana
sceptres you got the
blisters
those are from texar canna
you're all about to leave at any point
flaming man i got the
you got the Ohio
racists
you got the
don't forget those cowboys
oh but those cow folks too
you got that old rivalry that goes back
to 1902 between oklahoma
and uh seattle
what you're gonna do i also can't improvise
names of places even in the country
i thought that would be the easy part
and that i would like improvise like absurd
like nouns but you can't do that
i have like five of them in my head
yo you got the
ontario cassette tapes
you got the hashtag
crepe apes
you got the florida panhandles
you got the
the arizona
manhandles
you got the new mexico
gropers
you got both kinds of ropers
you got the
southern district of new york
prosecutors
you got the
prosciutto of the
elecutors
it wasn't a bit that i'm like suited for
but those are the NBA
teams that i'm rooting for
because my name is mc sports
fan and i fucked your mama
with a pin can
which i didn't open so it didn't cut
her
it wasn't open like the idea
of it being open is
gross that's like seven gross
it was a closed
can and it was actually
a beveled
like cylinder like a
steve jobs like capsule
food it actually felt
good
yeah
when i look around this country
all i see is people
i fucked your mama like it's something
i'm steeples the only thing that rhymes with
you know
rapping is my name and it's all the things
okay all right
oh jeff's on the keys gonna
fuck your mama like
bree cheese
i think i heard a
yeah
give me a chord
i think that's an h chord
alright goodnight everybody
tip your
tip your weight staff
shawn and haze listen to the hollywood handbook
and patreon subscribe to
the languishing ones
the
the flagrants
did you get any of that
it's a good show